Document aliases that forward to multiple addresses (#2282)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: docs/content/config/user-management/aliases.md

You can use [`setup.sh`][docs-setupsh] instead of creating and editing files manually. Aliases are managed in `/tmp/docker-mailserver/postfix-virtual.cf`. An alias is a _full_ email address that will either be:

* delivered to an existing account registered in `/tmp/docker-mailserver/postfix-accounts.cf`

> * redirected to another email address
> * redirected to multiple email addresses

Reviewer: How is that different than the previous content?

This change also is a bit buddy with the previous line. You were perhaps trying to make a distinction between internal accounts/addresses that `docker-mailserver` is responsible for, and external accounts/addresses?

What happens is Postfix expands an alias into one or more recipients, it must accept the mail first before doing this however. Dovecot is only aware of real accounts (_and more recently simple aliases that map to one real address, internal or external, but not another alias, and only if the quota feature is enabled_).

We identified a problem with aliases and Dovecot quotas (_currently enabled by default, in consideration for being changed to opt-in in a future release_). As aliases are not expanded until Postfix accepts the incoming mail, it causes a problem when checking with Dovecot about quota status for the recipient as Dovecot until recently would only report on quota being exceeded for internal accounts, with aliases it gets complicated and if the quota has been exceeded would result in bouncing the mail back to the sender address... which can get your mail server blacklisted for backscatter when spammers forge the sender address to make you send mail to others on their behalf.

We only recently added the fix for basic aliases (_single aliased address to a real internal account only_). And haven't yet updated documentation about this caveat.

---

Also, AFAIK our `setup alias add ...` method doesn't have support to add multiple addressses :man_shrugging: 

Not an issue if editing `postfix-virtual.cf` directly (_quota issue above is still a thing though_).

---

Maybe..?

```suggestion
* redirected to an external email address
* redirected to multiple email addresses that can be real accounts and/or additional aliases 
```

Reviewer 2: @polarathene Is it fine for you if I or you just commit your suggestions and merge this? It's likely we do not get a response in any meaningful time...

Reviewer: Sure!

Sorry I haven't been too active lately, I still intend to wrap up the work I've been doing here, I've been caught up with work elsewhere :sweat_smile: (_just in case you're wondering about the status of the stuff I've got pending as WIP PRs_)

Reviewer: > Also, AFAIK our `setup alias add ...` method doesn't have support to add multiple addressses man_shrugging
> 
> Not an issue if editing `postfix-virtual.cf` directly (_quota issue above is still a thing though_).

Considering the above though, is that something we want to commit to the documentation in the current state? I don't have time to spare revising this PR further myself right now :sweat_smile:
